Big Data and Data Mining

Introduction to Big Data and Information
The Signal and the Noise: Why So Many Predictions Fail—But Some Don't by Nate Silver
The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference by Malcolm Gladwell
Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game by Michael Lewis
Invisible Women: Data Bias in a World Designed for Men by Caroline Criado Perez
The Wisdom of Crowds: Why the Many Are Smarter Than the Few and How Collective Wisdom Shapes Business, Economies, Societies and Nations by James Surowiecki
Everybody Lies: Big Data, New Data, and What the Internet Can Tell Us About Who We Really Are by Seth Stephens-Davidowitz
Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction by Philip E. Tetlock
The Misbehavior of Markets: A Fractal View of Financial Turbulence by Benoît B. Mandelbrot
Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking by Susan Cain
Big Data: A Revolution That Will Transform How We Live, Work, and Think by Viktor Mayer-Schönberger
Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy by Cathy O'Neil
The Lady Tasting Tea: How Statistics Revolutionized Science in the Twentieth Century by David Salsburg
A Human's Guide to Machine Intelligence: How Algorithms Are Shaping Our Lives and How We Can Stay in Control by Kartik Hosanagar
Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything by Steven D. Levitt
Thinking, Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman
Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions by Dan Ariely
Dataclysm: Who We Are by Christian Rudder
Fooled by Randomness: The Hidden Role of Chance in Life and in the Markets by Nassim Nicholas Taleb
The Long Tail: Why the Future of Business is Selling Less of More by Chris Anderson
The Creative Destruction of Medicine: How the Digital Revolution Will Create Better Health Care by Eric J. Topol
Bringing Down the House: The Inside Story of Six M.I.T. Students Who Took Vegas for Millions by Ben Mezrich
Introduction to Data Science
Data Science from Scratch by Joel Grus
Machine Learning: An Introduction Math Guide for Beginners to Understand Data Science Through the Business Applications by Samuel Hack
Doing Data Science: Straight Talk from the Frontline by Cathy O'Neil and Rachel Schutt
Data Science for Business: What you need to know about data mining and data-analytic thinking by Foster Provost
How to Lie with Statistics by Darrell Huff
Algorithms to Live By: What Computers Can Teach Us About Solving Human Problems by Brian Christian
The Ethical Algorithm: The Science of Socially Aware Algorithm Design by Michael Kearns
Think Like a Data Scientist: Tackle the data science process step-by-step by Brian Godsey
Hello World: Being Human in the Age of Algorithms by Hannah Fry
Data Smart: Using Data Science to Transform Information into Insight by John W. Foreman
Naked Statistics: Stripping the Dread from the Data by Charles Wheelan
Statistical Learning
The Elements of Statistical Learning by Jerome H. Friedman, Robert Tibshirani, and Trevor Hastie
An Introduction to Statistical Learning: With Applications in R by Gareth James, Trevor Hastie, Robert Tibshirani, Daniela Witten
Advanced R by Hadley Wickham
An Introduction to Applied Multivariate Analysis with R by Brian S. Everitt
R in Action by Robert Kabacoff
R for Everyone: Advanced Analytics and Graphics by Jared P. Lander
The R Book by Michael J. Crawley
R for Data Science: Import, Tidy, Transform, Visualize, and Model Data by Hadley Wickham
Statistics in Plain English by Timothy C. Urdan
What is a P-Value Anyway? 34 Stories to Help You Actually Understand Statistics by Andrew J. Vickers
All of Statistics: A Concise Course in Statistical Inference by Larry Wasserman
Regression Modeling Strategies: With Applications to Linear Models, Logistic Regression, and Survival Analysis by Frank E. Harrell Jr.
Data Mining
It is the process of extracting a specific pattern from large datasets. It's based on mathematical and scientific methods to identify patterns or trends. it's generally used for the process of extracting, cleaning, learning and predicting from data.

Introduction to Data Mining by Vipin Kumar
Introduction to Data Mining by Pang-Ning Tan
Data Mining: Concepts and Techniques by Jiawei Han
Mining of Massive Datasets by Anand Rajaraman and Jeffrey Ullman
Data Mining and Analysis: Fundamental Concepts and Algorithms by Mohammed J. Zaki and Wagner Meira
Data Mining with Rattle and R: The Art of Excavating Data for Knowledge Discovery by Graham J. Williams
Bayesian Methods for Hackers: Probabilistic Programming and Bayesian Inference by Cameron Davidson-Pilon
Data Mining with R: Learning with Case Studies by Luis Torgo
Data Mining Techniques: For Marketing, Sales, and Customer Relationship Management by Michael J. A. Berry, Gordon S. Linoff
Mining the Social Web: Data Mining Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, GitHub, and More by Matthew A. Russell and Mikhail Klassen
Data Mining: Practical Machine Learning Tools and Techniques by Ian H. Witten
Data Analysis
It is the process of ordering and organizing raw data in order to determine useful insights and decisions.

Data Analysis with Open Source Tools: A Hands-On Guide for Programmers and Data Scientists by Philipp K. Janert
Multivariate Data Analysis by Joseph F. Hair Jr.
Bayesian Data Analysis by Andrew Gelman
Web Analytics 2.0: The Art of Online Accountability & Science of Customer Centricity by Avinash Kaushik
Data Analysis Using Regression and Multilevel/Hierarchical Models by Andrew Gelman
Python for Data Analysis by Wes McKinney
Competing on Analytics: Updated, with a New Introduction: The New Science of Winning by Thomas H. Davenport
Forecasting: principles and practice by Rob J Hyndman
Presenting Data Effectively: Communicating Your Findings for Maximum Impact by Stephanie D.H. Evergreen
Data Analysis - Information Graphics
The Visual Display of Quantitative Information by Edward R. Tufte
The Functional Art: An Introduction to Information Graphics and Visualization by Alberto Cairo
Visualize This: The FlowingData Guide to Design, Visualization, and Statistics by Nathan Yau
Beautiful Visualization: Looking at Data through the Eyes of Experts by Julie Steele
Say It with Charts: The Executive's Guide to Visual Communication by Gene Zelazny
Bayes Theorem: A Visual Introduction For Beginners by Dan Morris
Decision Trees and Random Forests: A Visual Introduction For Beginners: A Simple Guide to Machine Learning with Decision Trees by Chris Smith
The Truthful Art: Data, Charts, and Maps for Communication by Alberto Cairo
OLAP (Online Analytical Processing)
ClickHouse - a fast open-source OLAP database management system
Apache Druid - a high performance real-time analytics database
Apache Pinot - Realtime distributed OLAP datastore
Hadoop
Hadoop: The Definitive Guide by Tom White, Doug Cutting
Hadoop in Action by Chuck Lam
Hadoop Operations by Eric Sammer
Hadoop in Practice by Alex Holmes
Professional Hadoop Solutions by Alexey Yakubovich, Boris Lublinsky, and Kevin T. Smith
Programming Pig by Alan Gates
Data Analytics with Hadoop: An Introduction for Data Scientists by Benjamin Bengfort and Jenny Kim
Expert Hadoop Administration: Managing, Tuning, and Securing Spark, YARN, and HDFS by Sam R. Alapati
Hadoop Application Architectures: Designing Real-World Big Data Applications by Gwen Shapira, Ted Malaska Jonathan S Mark Grover
Hadoop Security: Protecting Your Big Data Platform by Ben Spivey and Joey Echeverria
Architecting Modern Data Platforms: A Guide to Enterprise Hadoop at Scale by Jan Kunigk, Ian Buss, Paul Wilkinson, Lars George
Hive, HBase, Spark and so on
Programming Hive by Dean Wampler, Edward Capriolo, and Jason Rutherglen
MapReduce Design Patterns: Building Effective Algorithms and Analytics for Hadoop and Other Systems by Adam Shook and Donald Miner
HBase: The Definitive Guide by Lars George
Learning Spark: Lightning-Fast Big Data Analysis by Holden Karau, Andy Konwinski, Patrick Wendell, Matei Zaharia
Spark: The Definitive Guide: Big Data Processing Made Simple by Bill Chambers. Matei Zaharia
Learning Spark by Mark Hamstra
MapReduce Design Patterns: Building Effective Algorithms and Analytics for Hadoop and Other Systems by Adam Shook and Donald Miner
Big Data Engineering
Fundamentals of Data Engineering: Plan and Build Robust Data Systems by Joe Reis, Matt Housley
Data Pipelines Pocket Reference: Moving and Processing Data for Analytics by James Densmore
The Self-Service Data Roadmap: Democratize Data and Reduce Time to Insight (2002) by Sandeep Uttamchandani
Designing Cloud Data Platforms by Danil Zburivsky, Lynda Partner
Data Governance: The Definitive Guide: People, Processes, and Tools to Operationalize Data Trustworthiness (2021) by Evren Eryurek, Uri Gilad, Valliappa Lakshmanan, Anita Kibunguchy-Grant, Jessi Ashdown
Data Management at Scale: Best Practices for Enterprise Architecture (2020) by Piethein Strengholt
The Self-Service Data Roadmap: Democratize Data and Reduce Time to Insight (2020) by Sandeep Uttamchandani
Big Data: Principles and best practices of scalable realtime data systems (2015) by Nathan Marz, James Warren
Foundations for Architecting Data Solutions: Managing Successful Data Projects (2018) by Ted Malaska, Jonathan Seidman
The Enterprise Big Data Lake: Delivering the Promise of Big Data and Data Science (2019) by Alex Gorelik
Data Pipelines Pocket Reference: Moving and Processing Data for Analytics (2021) by James Densmore

Crawler and Anti-Crawler

Web Scraping with Python

Web Scraping with Python (3rd, 2024) by Ryan Mitchell [4.18, 403]
Hands-On Web Scraping with Python: Extract quality data from the web using effective Python techniques (2nd, 2023) by Anish Chapagain
Python Automation Cookbook: 75 Python automation ideas for web scraping, data wrangling, and processing Excel, reports, emails, and more (2nd, 2020) by Jaime Buelta
Mining the Social Web: Data Mining Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, GitHub, and More (3rd, 2019) by Matthew A. Russell and Mikhail Klassen [3.73, 373]
Mining Social Media: Finding Stories in Internet Data (2019) by Lam Thuy Vo
Some more

Getting Structured Data from the Internet: Running Web Crawlers/Scrapers on a Big Data Production Scale (2020) by Jay M. Patel
Practical Web Scraping for Data Science: Best Practices and Examples with Python (2018) by Seppe vanden Broucke and Bart Baesens
Python Web Scraping Cookbook: Over 90 proven recipes to get you scraping with Python, micro services, Docker and AWS (2018) by Michael Heydt
Website Scraping with Python: Using BeautifulSoup and Scrapy (2018) by Gábor László Hajba
Python 3网络爬虫开发实战 by 崔庆才
Robots.txt

Robotstxt.org
Introduction to robots.txt
JavaScript Reverse Engineering & Deobfuscation

反爬虫AST原理与还原混淆实战 by 李岳阳、卓斌
JS Deobfuscation Tools
JavaScript Deobfuscator
JSNice
JS Formatting Tools
Prettier
ESLint
Android Reverse Engineering

--

Criminal Law

第二百五十三条之一：【侵犯公民个人信息罪】
第二百八十五条：【非法侵入计算机信息系统罪;非法获取计算机信息系统数据、非法控制计算机信息系统罪;提供侵入、非法控制计算机信息系统程序、工具罪】
第二百八十六条：【破坏计算机信息系统罪】
明确越界网络爬虫行为的刑事处罚边界